feat(apple): Connect Errors with Spans (#6570)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/performance/connect-errors-spans/apple.mdx

## Connect Errors with Spans

> 
> Sentry errors can be linked with transactions and spans.
> 
> Errors reported to Sentry while transaction or span **bound to the scope** is running are linked automatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Sentry errors can be linked to transactions and spans. Errors that are sent to Sentry while the transaction or span **bound to the scope** method is running, will be linked automatically:
```
